iv	ivName	dv	dvName	title
iter	Iteration	allF1	Overall (char spans) F-Measure	Overall F-Measure by iteration
iter	Iteration	allP	Overall (char spans) Precision	Overall precision by iteration
iter	Iteration	allR	Overall (char spans) Recall	Overall recall by iteration
iter	Iteration	segF1	Segmentation F-Measure	Segmentation F-Measure by iteration
iter	Iteration	segP	Segmentation Precision	Segmentation precision by iteration
iter	Iteration	segR	Segmentation Recall	Segmentation recall by iteration
iter	Iteration	bracF1	Bracketing F-Measure	Bracketing F-Measure by iteration
iter	Iteration	bracP	Bracketing Precision	Bracketing precision by iteration
iter	Iteration	bracR	Bracketing Recall	Bracketing recall by iteration
iter	Iteration	homogTag	Tagging Homogeneity	Tagging homogeneity by iteration
iter	Iteration	completTag	Tagging Completeness	Tagging completeness by iteration
iter	Iteration	vmTag	Tagging V-Measure	Tagging V-Measure by iteration
iter	Iteration	homogLab	Labeling Homogeneity	Constituent labeling homogeneity by iteration
iter	Iteration	completLab	Labeling Completeness	Constituent labeling completeness by iteration
iter	Iteration	vmLab	Labeling V-Measure	Constituent labeling V-Measure by iteration
iter	Iteration	depth2	Depth=2 Frequency	Depth=2 frequency by iteration
iter	Iteration	np_predict_p	NP Prediction Precision	NP prediction precision by iteration
iter	Iteration	np_predict_r	NP Prediction Recall	NP prediction recall by iteration
iter	Iteration	np_predict_f1	NP Prediction F-Measure	NP prediction F-Measure by iteration
iter	Iteration	percentNPIdent	NP Recall	NP recall by iteration
iter	Iteration	percentVPIdent	VP Recall	VP recall by iteration
iter	Iteration	percentADJPIdent	ADJP Recall	ADJP recall by iteration
iter	Iteration	percentADVPIdent	ADVP Recall	ADVP recall by iteration
iter	Iteration	percentPPIdent	PP Recall	PP recall by iteration
iter	Iteration	percentSIdent	S Recall	S recall by iteration
